* MG - 30.08.2013 - Rev. 10614

After selecting some events and work with them in the list located in the main part of the screen, she had to make another selection. The pop-up message that appeared confused her for some time, but she correctly pressed the OK button when asked about replacing the current selection with the new one.

It took the user some seconds to find the place where the events catalog is selected. Mainly because it works from the start with a default catalog. However, she could solve it without help.

It was a for the user almost impossible to select properly the region near Tonga. It was not clear if negative or positive coordinates should be used. There is no clear indication that negative values means West. Same with South.
There is also no way for the user to know that they can use the Shift-click combination to select a region from the map.

The selected station/network on the left part of the page (drop-down lists/menus) was lost when the start/end years were changed. This lead to wrong results in the query. The user felt that she had already selected a network and after that was surprised to see that so many streams from all the networks had been included in the result.

It was difficult to select a lapse of only one year for the stations. Mainly because of the current control (slider). It is also not clear whether the "End year" is included or not in the search.

The P&S phase arrival time was not found by the user, even when she realized that this "was missing in the system because she needs it to request the information".

When ca. 1000 stations were in the list and shown in the map, it was almost impossible to select another region with the mouse. The system turned slow and somehow irresponsive.

It was difficult to filter the non-vertical components of the streams out of the list. After one minute searching, the "Advance filter" was found and was used quite intuitively.

After submission the user expects to receive an email to be able to download the information. This seems to be caused by two factors. First, the email is mandatory, because it is used as the username. But second, and most important, there is no indication from the system telling the user that he/she can already check the status of the request and/or download the information by clicking on the "next tab" (Download data). As the system was so silent, the user went to the mail client to see the incoming emails. When nothing new appeared after some seconds, the user thought that the request was possibly being processed.

When asked to download the information, the user never clicked the "Package XXXXX..." line. She didn't even notice that this was clickable. The intuitive way to do it was to enter *again* the email account in the "Manage Requests" control.

When the details of the request was displayed, the user found many buttons to do multiple actions but NONE of them was to download the data. To do it, the user had to dig into the text and click a hardly visible green link. It was also imposible to realize that the "plus" sign to show the lines included in the request was clickable.

When the user had to request inventory information from stations for 2012 and 2013, the "Submit request" was unfortunately selected/visible from the beginning and the user tried to select the time range by means of the controls in the "Absolute time" section, despite that NO event was selected.

After solving this confusion and when the time range was properly introduced, the request was unsuccessful because the 10000 lines limit was reached. However, this should not be checked when asking inventory XML data, shouldn't it?

---


* VH, 17.09.2013

Still the confusing "Request is Empty, Delete Request?" box.

Need: negative numbers for south, west  [DONE, 2013-10-04]

When you drag a new region, the
Lat, lon text don't get updated, even though the region changes.

"Code" should be "Network" not ("All Networks") but the user found it in the end.

Station TABLE shows no station description. Also not on the map.
[For table, this is hard: no descriptions available in request.js;
 for map, no description in createStationFeature in mapping.js]

Searching for sample rate "near" 46 Hz gave
SH for BKB, BKNI, but BH for BOAB, DAG. Why?

"Make request" tab would sound nicer than "Submit request"

Again, on submitting request, the feeling that nothing happens!
Sees the blinking text. "Click to open" needs a big "[+]"  DONE.

Network XF: The map pop-up for a station should show start:, end: dates, if convenient.
[HARD: This may not be known by the JS - dates are for streams??]
